See, for example, there are three persons. One knows English language only, one knows Hindi language only, and the third person knows Hindi and English, both languages. So what I need in this program also is an interpreter, so that if English is speaking to Hindi, but he speaks in English. Okay. And Hindi person doesn't know English. So what happens, he asks the interpreter to tell what he's telling and translate it to Hindi. Okay. Similarly, in the stock market, candlestick patterns or candlestick, I don't know the meaning of the candlestick, what it is telling. It is just language, what it is telling. It is telling something, but I don't know the language. So I want that my program should understand the candlestick language and should translate me to English language, first point. Okay, for example, bullish is happening, all the structure is telling bullish. So, the candlestick is telling something based on the multiple candlesticks. Okay. So, an expert would understand who knows the candlestick language. He would understand this chart is telling this thing. It is telling the sellers are powerful, and it came to resistance and didn't went down. It goes up again and again. Something like that story it will tell, right? The candlestick is telling a story. Similarly, that English person is telling something to Hindi person, but he doesn't understand. So what Hindi person did, he bring an interpreter who knows English and Hindi both, and he translated to him, and the Hindi person understand properly what the English person is trying to say. So my program should also do exactly that, that what candlestick is telling, translate into English language and tell to me. It's like the chart is speaking to me, like my program is speaking in English, but translating the candlestick language to English language and telling me. And telling me the probabilities. And one more thing the program is telling, see, the chart is telling this thing in English. And other thing is, based on this story, what will happen? Like example, after day, night will happen, right? So similarly, my program should say it went to its resistance again and again. So resistance is there over here. So the market will not go down because the chart is telling every time it came to resistance and support, it is between this, and it was going higher and high. The chart is telling it is going higher and high because the buyers are more, the sellers are not there. So it is going higher and high. So it is telling a story. By seeing the chart, the candlestick is telling a story in candlestick language, but I need my program to do that. It should tell me in English language. Simple. Understood?so i detail by sing prices it should say with evidences .